OK. You're doing a great job.
And the functionality for the app is almost finished.
We've got one more thing to add before styling
the app and that's adding the reset button.
The functionality of the reset button is this.
So, I can start making a score.
Let's say that the teams have some points.
When the game ends, you can hit
the reset button and both of the scores will go back to zero.
You can then add more points and they'll add from zero.
Before you start coding, I want you to plan out what you're going to do in pseudocode.
Here's a space for you to do that.
To make this a little bit more challenging and true to real life,
I'm actually not going to tell you the pseudocode that I would use after this.
Instead, you'll jump right into transforming your pseudocode into your actual Java code.
OK. So write your thoughts here.